Update content for Content Layouts page (#2526)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/content-layouts.mdx

import { CardGrid, ContentCard } from '../../components';
import { DiagramPreview, Example } from '../../layouts';
import { contentLayouts } from '../../data/structures';
import { ContainerDrivenLayout, NestedGrid, ResponsiveContentLayoutExample } from '../../examples';

Content layouts may be applied across different levels of information hierarchy.
At a page template level, it can help with the layout of page sections. At an "organism" 
level, it can coordinate how a title, piece of content, and related actions should be 
laid out in relation to each other.

Understanding [Grid](/components/grid) is the key to creating successful content layouts.

Looking for a quick start? [Jump to layout templates](#templates).

## Responsive Design

> Layouts should be adaptable to different screen sizes depending on the user input. 

Reviewer: "Depending on the user input" is a little confusing to me. Could we just simplify to:
```suggestion
Layouts should be adaptable to different screen sizes. 
```
or, rephrase?

Author: done

Our goal as designers and developers at HPE should be to create optimal and accessible 
user experiences regardless of screen size or resolution.

### Breakpoints

A breakpoint is a point at which some change in the page design is likely to occur.

For designers, breakpoints can help stress test and validate UX decisions around page 
layouts.

See the table below for breakpoints defined by the HPE Design System. Keep in mind that 
these breakpoints are not meant to target every single existing device &mdash; we understand 
that technology is ever evolving. Instead, the ranges defined here help build a strong 
foundation to account for diverse use cases when creating responsive designs.

| Breakpoint     | Range (width in pixels)
| -------------- | -----------------------
| **xsmall**     | 576 and below
| **small**      | 577 - 768
| **medium**     | 769 - 1080
| **large**      | 1081 - 1439
| **xlarge**     | 1440 and above

### Prioritizing Content Needs

> Focusing on content needs can help us create better optimal user experiences–think 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Focusing on content needs can help us create better optimal user experiences. Think 
```

about which piece of content a user is likely to interact with first and order items 
on the page accordingly.

Specifying layout content in this way will also ensure that it is interepreted 
appropriately by screen readers for visually impaired users.

> The example below has content labelled by its priority. Resize your browser window and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below has content labeled by its priority. Resize your browser window and 
```
apparently single "l" is more common for american english

Author: done

import { contentLayouts } from '../../data/structures';
import { PageMarginAnatomy, ResponsiveContentLayoutExample } from '../../examples';

Content layouts may be thought of across multiple levels of an information hierarchy &mdash;
from a page template level organizing the layout of primary page sections, down to 
an "organism" level coordinating how a title, piece of content, and related actions should 
be laid out in relation to each other.

Regardless of level in the hierarchy, content layouts should consider how its children 
are displayed in relation to one another. Does their placement change at different 
screen widths? When does it make sense to switch between a single-column, two-column, 
or multi-column layout? Answer these questions and more by learning about:
- [Designing for responsiveness](#designing-for-responsiveness).
- The power of [using Grid with layout templates](#using-grid-with-templates).
- Simplifying complex layouts by thinking of them as [nested Grids](#nested-grids).

<br />

Looking for a quick start? [Jump to layout templates](#templates).

> 

Reviewer 2: How about simplifying the intro in order to make it easier to digest? This is my attempt (feel free to adjust as needed):

> Content Layouts may be applied across different levels of information hierarchy. At a page template level, it can help with the layout of page sections. At an "organism" level, it can coordinate how a title, piece of content, and related actions should be laid out in relation to each other.
> 
> Understanding [Grid](https://deploy-preview-2526--keen-mayer-a86c8b.netlify.app/components/grid#getting-to-know-grid) is the key to creating successful Content Layouts.
> 
> Looking for a quick start? [Jump to layout templates](https://deploy-preview-2526--keen-mayer-a86c8b.netlify.app/templates/content-layouts#templates).

Author: Great edits. Gratitude. 🙏

> ## Designing for Responsiveness

Reviewer 2: Change to "Responsive Design" ?

Author: done

Layouts should be adaptable to different screen sizes depending on the user input. 
Our goal as designers and developers at HPE should be to create optimal and accessible 
user experiences regardless of screen size or resolution.

> ### Prioritizing Content Needs

Reviewer 2: "Prioritize Content Needs"

See the table below for breakpoints defined by the HPE Design System. Keep in mind that these breakpoints are not meant to target every single existing device &mdash; we understand that technology is ever evolving. Instead, the ranges defined here help build a strong foundation to account for diverse use cases when creating responsive designs.

| Breakpoints    | Range (width in pixels) |  Margin (pixels) |
| -------------- | ----------------------- | -----------------:
| **xsmall**     | 576 and below           | 12
| **small**      | 577 - 768               | 24
| **medium**     | 769 - 1080              | 24
| **large**      | 1081 - 1439             | 48
| **xlarge**     | 1440 and above          | 48

#### Page Margin (fyi, thinking of moving this margin section to Page Layouts page which 
may resolve some confusion voiced in Slack)

> 

Reviewer 2: Sounds good!

  <ResponsiveContentLayoutExample />
</Example>

## Implementing Content Layouts
The following discusses three approaches for building responsive content layouts. All approaches 
may be mixed and matched as desired.
- [Container-driven](#container-driven-layouts)
- [Content-driven](#content-driven-layouts)
- [Nested grids](#nested-grids)

> These approaches take full advantage of Grid's flexibility which provides designers and 

Reviewer 3: link Grid page again here ?

developers great control and ability to execute layouts regardless of the user's screen size. 
For greater detail about Grid's properties and key concepts visit [getting to know Grid](/components/grid#getting-to-know-grid). 

Additionally, a can't miss tool for designers is [Layout Templates in Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/4rdBkUlHd5MCVq3hvUOXHd/Page-Layouts?node-id=2906%3A21283) 
which provides Grid-based layout templates for each [responsive breakpoint](#breakpoints) and [page layout kind](/templates/page-layouts#page-kinds).

### Container-Driven Layouts
Container-driven layouts drive the layout from the outside-in. They begin by defining 
regions in which the content will live, whether those regions are [fixed, flexible, or fluid](/components/grid#background), 
and how those regions are [prioritized](#prioritizing-content-needs) at each responsive breakpoint.

Container-driven layouts are useful for defining larger layouts, such as at the page level, 
but can be useful for defining smaller sub-regions as well. The best use of available screen 

> real-estate can be achieved by combining a container-driven page layout with things like Cards

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
real-estate can be achieved by combining a container-driven page layout with components such as Cards
```

Author: done.

which have been built to have adaptive layouts themselves.

> The following example takes a container-driven approach, implementing a an app-catalog 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example takes a container-driven approach, implementing an app-catalog 
```

Author: done

    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/PageHeader/PageHeader.js",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ContainerDrivenLayout/AppResults.js",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ContainerDrivenLayout/FilterPanel.js",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/data/mockData/applications.json",
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ContainerDrivenLayout/constants.js",
    ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/blob/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/ContainerDrivenLayout.js"
  // height, width, and screenContainer.scale value chosen to best visually 
  // represent the example
  height="650px"
  width="100%"
  screenContainer={{ scale: 0.75 }}
>

>   <ContainerDrivenLayout />

Reviewer: Wondering more broadly about patterns like this -- do we ever make the filters panel sticky as the user scrolls down so they can always be accessed?

Reviewer: Yes, I envision this like an e-commerce experience where the filters/controls are fixed. In the example when I opened the deploy, it scrolled off screen when I scrolled down the cards.

>   <ContainerDrivenLayout />

Reviewer: I thought the example was broken when I was clicking on "Publishers"/"Delivery Methods" and nothing was expanding. Proposing we add at least 1 or 2 items per dropdown.

Author: implemented. Had to apply additional filtering logic to allow for multifacted filtering.

</Example>

> ### Content-Driven Layouts

Reviewer: Can we create a ticket to add an example for this layout type (maybe just updating one of our modal examples to use this approach and then add it here?

Don't feel like we have to hold up this PR just to add an example.

Content-driven layouts are driven from the inside-out, allowing the container to respond 
and adapt to things like user entered content, like names. The layout is custom fit to 
the content it holds.

The content-driven approach is useful for layouts such as modal dialogs or side-drawer 
content within a layer, where the content should occupy the space it needs and not be 

> artificially constrained by its layout container.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion: "artificially" -> "awkwardly", or something that communicates more the potential result. As an example, if you saw a Layer where the Heading text wrapped for a few characters, would you say it looked "artificial" or would you say it looked "awkward" or "appeared broken"?

Author: done

The following example takes a content-driven approach, implementing a modal dialog 
displaying content returned from a server with an unknown length.

### Nested Grids
When dealing with complex layouts, it is helpful to simplify them by thinking of them 
as nested grids. Any column or grid area may be a grid itself. 

<Example
  horizontalLayout
  code={[
    "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/NestedGrid.js",
  ]}
  github="https://github.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/blob/master/aries-site/src/examples/templates/content-layouts/NestedGrid.js"
  caption="Diagram illustrating how Grids may be nested inside one another."
  width={{ min: "large" }}
>

>   <NestedGrid />

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to label the sub grid areas?

Such as A1, A2, B1, B2

OR use different colors for the nested grids?

Reviewer: with so many nested dashed boxes, it's a little hard to understand where the nesting is happening on first glance.

Reviewer 3: I was also thinking maybe different colors for this

Reviewer 4: I tend to agree with being a bit confused by the number of boxes and also what the yellow color means, why some boxes have it and some don't. I'm wondering if we could simplify it by removing the dotted box surrounding nested grids A and B and also removing the dotted box around the two right yellow boxes within nested grid B.

Another way to think about this could be to consider a dotted line container to be a Grid and a yellow background container to be a Box, and then having nested grid A and B as direct children of parent grid. Just a though.

Author: done
